Create basic Cloud Data Export page for Oct 13 (#5118)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/cloud-data-export.rst

Cloud Data Export
=========================

> After completing your 14-day free Cloud trial, if you have decided to self-host your own Mattermost deployment, you may want to migrate your Cloud data to your Self-Hosted instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, after completing your 14-day free Cloud trial, you've decided to self-host your own Mattermost deployment, you may want to migrate your Cloud data to your self-hosted instance.
```

> We plan to publish documentation on how to perform a Cloud data export for channels, messages, users and other bulk export data self-serve, with some knowledge about running commands to export this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We plan to publish documentation on how to perform a Cloud data export for channels, messages, users, and other bulk export data self-serve, with guidelines about running commands to export this data.
```

> In the meantime, if you are interested in migrating your Cloud data to Self-Hosted, please contact our support team via https://customers.mattermost.com/cloud/contact-us, or through the `Mattermost Help Center <https://support.mattermost.com/>`_. Once you've submitted your data export request, our team will `guide you through the process <https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/research-and-development/engineering/cloud-data-export-process>`_. Typically the data export file will be provided within 2 weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the meantime, if you're interested in migrating your Cloud data to self-hosted, please contact our support team via https://customers.mattermost.com/cloud/contact-us, or through the `Mattermost Help Center <https://support.mattermost.com/>`_. Once you've submitted your data export request, our team will `guide you through the process <https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/research-and-development/engineering/cloud-data-export-process>`_. Typically the data export file will be provided within two weeks.
```
